hey everyone res Becky here I'd welcome
back to another five nights at Freddy's
movie teaser last night Gil updated his
to wear yet again with another juicy
image for our beautiful eyes so let's go
check that bad boy out right now Gil
posted goodnight sleep tight and then a
very very scary picture here which is
awesome again this is probably not gonna
be a finished article by no means
necessary bounce this image does give us
a hint at what he's working on at this
very point in time which is absolutely
fantastic Thank You Gil for keeping us
in the loop
anyway so the image we have that I look
at that I look how realistic it looks
like he's focusing in on eyes because
the last couple of images has been mouth
and eyes and teeth so as we know from
the five nights at Freddy's story when
you get stuffed inside a suit then you
you're almost gonna remain it's the
teeth and eyes or so does this mean
we're gonna be looking at spring-trap in
the and the game because we obviously
know that the purple man is inside the
suit and when the spring lock mechanism
fails he gets trapped inside it and
maybe all we see are his teeth and his
eyes inside one of the scary ass
animatronics or could we be talking
about one of the animatronics actually
grabbing somebody and forcibly stuffing
them inside the suit are we gonna see
that as a scene because I mean that
would go hand in hand with a horror now
we obviously don't know what level of
rating these films are gonna have yet
what I see films I suspect there's gonna
be more than one because it's gonna be
popular and that's the way Hollywood
works but we don't know what rating this
film is gonna be so we don't know how
grotesque it's gonna be but he's been
focusing in on eyes and teeth so that is
leading me to think that perhaps we
might see a scene where somebody is
grabbed and stuffed inside of a suit see
in the eyes and seen the teeth and maybe
even some blood and mucus and that is
gonna be oh it's gonna be creepy because
obviously before the children's bodies
inside the suit and the customers are
complained about the smell and
and the mucus and stuff like that so are
we gonna see the children's eyes inside
these animatronics because that looks
like a that looks very similar to my eye
actually very similar to my eye hazel
eyes that's kind of like a hazely brown
color there the the pupil and iris are
obviously a lot bigger in that image but
it kinda has to be stylized as well but
that's what it looks like you the the
team are working on at the moment teeth
and eyes and that as we already know the
main focus when we look at the
animatronics and then I'm sure they're
gonna be working on the the head and the
bodies and stuff as well but we're not
allowed to see them just yet I don't
think we'll see a reveal picture of them
until we get some kind of trailer or a
poster or something like that but I love
it I love it I love that you're teasing
us I love that you showed us
I don't think this particular looks like
any animatronic it doesn't look like
folks he doesn't like cheek it isn't
life ready and it looks pretty squashed
in so it doesn't look like it's actually
gonna be a final product but they are
experimenting with eyes and mouth pieces
and stuff trying to make them look as
realistic or as horrific as possible and
look at those teeth they look like they
could be Foxy's teeth but on the
endoskeletons side of things or maybe
inside maybe they've deformed into some
kind of sharper teeth and over over the
time that the body has been inside the
animatronic I don't know yes but I do
like the way the deal is going with it
anyway I thought I'd quickly update you
with this news if you did enjoyed
today's video then please hit that like
button let me know your thoughts
theories and speculation about the film
down in the comment section below later
on tonight guys we're gonna have a Mario
maker video in which I'm going to be
showcasing a couple of the amiibo
costumes you can get in there so get
your butt's prepared for that isn't real
Oh guys I don't raspberry you be the
beautiful bastards as always for
watching and I love each and every
single one of you yeah bye